[Music]
today I'm gonna share with you how to
make your own bath bombs these are a
really cool gift idea or you can just
keep them for yourself so you will need
a couple of bowls a whisk and then also
a bath bomb mold I got mine off Etsy but
I'm sure you could find them in craft
stores or on eBay online I'll definitely
have a link below you want to start off
by adding all of your dry ingredients to
the bowl your baking soda citric acid
[Music]
cornflour and Epsom salts whisking
together to make sure they're evenly
combined
[Music]
in a secret Bowl gasps oh ja you want to
add your water
[Music]
your oils
in food coloring
they'd mix this together
[Music]
start off by adding small amounts of the
liquid into the dry ingredients make
sure you whisk this together thoroughly
to stop any reactions happening
continue doing this until you've used
all of the liquid
[Music]
the bath bomb that sure should start to
come together
[Music]
an emu just want to mold them together
simply overfill both halves of the mold
and then push together until they clip
[Music]
loosen the mold with a spoon and then
place somewhere to dry and then repeat
[Music]
these are super simple and easy to make
have fun changing up the colors the
essential oils you put in or even try
adding lavender or rose petals I hope
you enjoyed the video
[Music]